# Team Ace

## Team Meeting 5 - Week 8 - 1/5/2022 (11:00am - 12:30pm)
**Absent:**
none
**Scribe:**
AJ

## Agreed Procedure
Discuss week 8 timeline

## Agenda Items
| Number | Item |
| :--- | ---: |
| 1 | Discuss Post Classes and Mechanisms in More Depth |
| 2 | Discuss P2P Progress |
| 3 | Discuss Tokeniser and Parser Purpose |
| 4 | Update Project timeline  |

## Meeting Minutes
- Post Classes were defined in depth and with consideration of real-world examples (See word doc)
- Uncertainity regarding what is required for "P2P" messaging, will ask on Tuesday Lab
- AJ taking over Tok&Parser while Shaazaan and Deni will continue to work on Post Classes + Factory


## TODO Items
| Task | Assignee |
| :--- | ---: |
| Finish Tokeniser & Parser Search Stuff | Akshat |
| Continue working on UI implementation and fix post-registration page | Leon |
| Finish specifically facotry method for creating posts and work with Leon to implement in UI | Deni & Shaazaan |

